---
published: false
---

Even if you have been living under a rock for the past few weeks, you surely know about the pandemic that has turned our lives
upside down. The negative impacts of the same are innumerable and have been discussed and consumed at length now. However, 
people and organizations have also been stepping up during this time to provide some much needed relief measures. Subscription
based applications in particular have started giving out free content during this time to help people who are at home all day long.
Some of these have been really helpful for me. And I can see myself subscribing to them even after the free period ends, which we
all hope ends fast. So, here's a quick list!

1. Blinkist

Blinkist takes books and converts them into 15-20 minute long blinks. Blinks carry the key ideas of the book and are narrated
by a human instead of a bot. They also have their own original content which is kind of like podcasts and are of very high quality.
I was a user from before the pandemic, and the free model gave you a book each day as the only content you could access. Right now,
they have given me a full membership till end of April. And the content is just great. This has become the best way for me to consume
non fiction. If I like the blinks a lot, I will buy the books later and read them in their entirety. I consume it while running or while
on a walk. Try it out for yourself!

2. Headspace

I have been a headspace user for years now. What started out in college, has thankfully stuck and become a habit. It is an app for guided
meditation. I am a subscribed user but they have now made some of their content free. The earlier free model just gave a new everyday headspace
daily. Now, you have access to packs like "Weathering the storm" which will help you meditate your way through these tough times. Stay patient
with it if its your first time!

3. Pluralsight

Pluralsight is a MOOC platform like Coursera. However, it is more industry oriented and contains very short 4-5 hour courses as well of
essential topics. And guess what, all of their content is free for April.  I have always wanted to learn Bash scripting well and I took up 
a 4 hour intermediate bash course from Pluralsight for free. I really like it! There's a number of things you can learn and the UI/UX of
the platform is a league above others!

4. Dineout

This is not exactly similar to others listed here. But, it is worth a mention. Dineout is a Zomato like application, that helps
you get special discounts in partner restaurants. Now during these testing times of lockdowns, restaurants are closed and waiters are 
losing their livelihood. So, dineout came up with a nice win-win idea. They are offering coupons worth Rs 750 which you can buy for
a restaurant of your choice. The money collected will help pay the employees for now. But, wait this is not a charity. The user
who bought the coupon worth Rs750 can use it for Rs1000 while paying the bill at the restaurant once it reopens when saner times
return. Go buy some coupons for restaurants where you spent fun Friday nights with your friends!

I hope you found something useful in this list. And I hope we get back to normal soon. Whatever the new normal may mean.
